ever thought of opening and closing its own
faucet in a practical and modern way a
affordable price so only one touch
to open and another to close the system
eco tokyo jap a touch of modernity and
economy in your kitchen or bathroom
See how simple the installation is.
the system is with the touch consists of
an electrocute squid a module
electronic
the flexible hitch a contact lane and
a metal door begins by closing the
general water registry
fully remove the flexible hangar ti
removing the two ends
place the contact alley in the
the tap and the door
metal to learn peace and tape veda
screw in the water inlet of the electropaulo
and guides them at the exit of the water
I liked the flexible hitch the water outlet
of the squid electropane and the other end
the faucet connect the plug car
simple washer and plug
double the eletropaulo league the module a
power outlet is ready to
installation
now open the general registry ready your
faucet turned into a faucet
with the eco touch system much more
practical and easy to operate
touch to release the passage of
water and a second tap to close the
advantages do not stop there
the system has automatic closing
if the second ring is not
occurs to change the
remove the electronics module from the
socket and otero suite of the desired time
it still has a smart system
which distinguishes the short touch from open and
long touch to move the
mobile spout
In addition, it is possible to adjust the
regulating the opening of the steering wheel
modernity is not to mention the great
practicality and water savings that
system provides system touch time
jab a touch of modernity and economy
in your kitchen or bathroom key in
smart choice